Olivia Hye: Where are we going?
Go Won: We've never been here, this street before
Go Won: But this is beautiful~
Olivia Hye: Why do you keep laughing?
Go Won: I love this!
Go Won: Love this feeling of enjoying Iceland~
Olivia Hye: Oh, right
(The girls are enjoying shopping together and having fun looking around souvenirs!)
Go Won: HeeJin!
Olivia Hye: Cute rabbit!
(Taking a commemorative photo)
Go Won: Thanks for the food~
(They are eating warm ramen in Iceland!)
(And dessert is hot dog in Iceland)
Olivia Hye: Something in there is very crisp!
(Contrary to HaSeul, they are enjoying Iceland)
Olivia Hye: Finally~ we've arrived at our hotel~
Go Won: Right, we had a lot of fun looking around today!
Go Won: HaSeul, are you wathing me?
(Actually they have another shooting left now)
(LOOΠΔ TV in Paris, Coming Soon~!)